ah what's that big noise oh no the Willy
fans woken up quick run
where's mama we'll never find her in
this long tall grass the Willie font has
gone and we're all unknown in the
wide-open plain it's a bit scary I want
mama wait what's that over there under
the tree
it's got sports yes it's a cheetah but
is it mama mutter stay back tattoo if
it's not mama we could be in danger
careful it might be a stranger if she
doesn't call us
maybe it isn't mama mama
is that you she's not answering how do
we know if it's her from Beale a tattoo
stay close brothers mama mama mama mata
is that you mama muta is unsure to moja
she wonders is that you and your
brothers
then as they creep closer and closer she
is certain it is them come to mama muta
come you silly Cubs
she calls come mama mama it is you oh
it's so good to see you
we thought we were lost mama we were
dozing under the wind fans but it ran
away and left us all alone then we
couldn't find you
I'm so sorry we worried you I love you
mama